PR for SRVLOGIC-530: Add the section to upgrade Serverless Logic Operator from 1.35.0 to 1.36.0 (#93332)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-upgrade-1.36-scaling-up-workflows-with-gitops-profile.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * serverless-logic/serverless-logic-upgrading-operator-from-1.35-to-1.36

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-upgrade-1.36-scaling-up-workflows-with-gitops-profile_{context}"]
= Scaling up workflows with the gitops profile

> Workflows with the `gitops` profile that were previously scaled down must be scaled back up to continue operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue operation, you must scale up workflows that you previously scaled down with the `gitops` profile.
```

- Active voice

.Procedure

> . Modify the `my-workflow.yaml` CR and scale up each workflow to `one` as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Modify the `my-workflow.yaml` CR and scale up each workflow to `1` as shown in the following example:
```

- Expand CR for its first instance

> . Modify the `my-workflow.yaml` CRD and scale up each workflow to `one` before upgrading as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Modify the `my-workflow.yaml` CR and scale up each workflow to `one` as shown in the following example:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  podTemplate:

>     replicas: 1

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#signs-and-symbols-in-code-blocks 

Consider applying this change to all of the other similar places in this PR

> For snippets or sections of a file, use an ellipsis (…​) to show that the file continues before or after the quoted block. For YAML, use ('#…​') instead.

----

> . Apply the updated CRD by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Apply the updated CR by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc apply -f <my-workflow.yaml> -n <target_namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc apply -f my-workflow.yaml -n <target_namespace>
```

Same comment as earlier

----

> . (Optional) Scale the workflow back to `1` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. (Alternative) Scale the workflow back to `1` by running the following command:
```

Author: @wmedvede 
According to the IBM & OpenShift standard, we have to use (Optional) here.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc patch sonataflow <my-workflow> -n <target_namespace> --type=merge -p '{"spec": {"podTemplate": {"replicas": 1}}}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc patch sonataflow <workflow_name> -n <target_namespace> --type=merge -p '{"spec": {"podTemplate": {"replicas": 1}}}'
```

If <my-workflow> is the workflow name to be entered by users, consider the placeholder
